Sorption system Simulation program (SorpSim), Version 1.0
Copyright 2015, UT-Battelle, LLC
Copyright 2017-2018, Nicholas Fette
All rights reserved


SORPSIM OPEN SOURCE LICENSE VERSION 1.0

Subject to the conditions of this License, UT-Bettelle, LLC (the 'Licensor')
hereby grants, free of charge, to any person (the 'Licensee') obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), a
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free irrevocable
copyright license to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or
sublicense copies of the Software.


1. Redistributions of Software must retain the above open source license grant,
copyright and license notices this list of conditions, and the disclaimer
listed below. Changes or modifications to, or derivative works of the Software
must be noted with comments and the contributor and organization's name. If the
Software is protected by a proprietary trademark owned by Licensor or the
Department of Energy, then derivative works of the Software may not be
distributed using the trademark without the prior written approval of the
trademark owner.

2. Neither the names of Licensor nor the Department of Energy, or their
employees may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this Software
without their specific prior written permission.

3. If the Software is protected by a proprietary trademark owned by Licensor or
the Department of Energy, then derivative works of the Software may not be
distributed using the trademark without the prior written approval of the
trademark owner.

*******************************************************************************

DISCLAIMER

UT-BATTELLE, LLC AND THE GOVERNMENT MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, BOTH EXPRESSED AND IMPLIED. THERE ARE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT THE
USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, OR
OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL ACCOMPLISH THE INTENDED
RESULTS OR THAT THE SOFTWARE OR ITS USE WILL NOT RESULT  IN INJURY OR DAMAGE.
THE USER ASSUMES RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL LIABILITIES, PENALTIES, FINES, CLAIMS,
CAUSES OF ACTION, AND COSTS AND EXPENSES, CAUSED BY RESULTSING FROM OR ARISING
OUT OF, IN WHOLE OR IN PART THE USE, STORAGE OR DISPOSAL OF THE SOFTWARE.


*******************************************************************************

SOURCES AND PLATFORMS

This program is based on ABSIMW Version 5.0, initiated and developed by Prof.
Gershon Grossman of the Technion -- Israel Institute of Technology, for the Oak
Ridge National Laboratory under funding of the U.S. Department of Energy
Building Equipment Technology Program.

SorpSim is developed using open source Qt under LGPL license.
